Word wrap test.

This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. 

A short line between the long ones.

This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. This line is deliberately far too long to fit in any pane, so that word wrap has something to do; it keeps going, and going, and it does not stop until it has comfortably passed the width of any window you might reasonably have open, which is the entire point of it. 
